feat: `GDHandler` make `WebP` with option quality (#7506)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.4.0.rst

- **Validation:** Added ``Validation::getValidated()`` method that gets
  the actual validated data. See :ref:`validation-getting-validated-data` for details.

> - **Images:** Now WebP images can be used option ``$quality`` for compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Images:** The option ``$quality`` can now be used to compress WebP images.
```

Changes
*******

> - **Images:** Since ``v4.4`` quality WebP not using default PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Images:** The default quality for WebP in ``GDHandler`` has been changed from 80 to 90.
```
